🎨(core) make brand link customizable & rename related template block (#1558)
openfun/richie: UPGRADE.md

## 2.9.x to 2.10.x

- If you overrode `richie/base.html`, the `branding_footer` template block was renamed to

>   `body_footer_brand` and the link was integrated in the block so it can be customized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `body_footer_brand` and the link has been integrated in the block so it can be customized.
```
